docs: update public guides (#2185)
0xMiden/node: docs/external/src/full-node/migrations.md

---
title: "Migrations"
sidebar_position: 5
---

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 MD041 -->

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs"; import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

# Migrations

> Occasaionally, a new node version requires storage schema changes. These can be applied using the `mgirate` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Occasionally, a new node version requires storage schema changes. These can be applied using the `migrate` command
```

Author: TIL `typos` only checks for know misspellings and not against a dictionary. Thanks!
